Update EuiDualRange to support passing more props to underlying range inputs (#6902)
elastic/eui: upcoming_changelogs/6902.md

> - Updated `EuiDualRange` to support passing more props to underlying EuiRangeInputs

Reviewer: Minor copy suggestion to specify which props were affected
```suggestion
- Updated `EuiDualRange`'s `minInputProps` and `maxInputProps` to support passing more props to underlying inputs
```
